Make Plugins Use Metadata Repository by Default (#557)
graalvm/native-build-tools: docs/src/docs/asciidoc/maven-plugin.adoc

----
<1> The local path can point to an _exploded_ directory, or to a compressed ZIP file.

> For each library included in the native image, the plugin will automatically search for GraalVM reachability metadata in the repository that was released together with the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each library included in the native image, the plugin will automatically search for GraalVM image build configuration metadata in the repository that was released together with the plugin.
```
